7.0 updates (#72)
smartdevicelink/sdl_overview_guides: docs/Policies/App Policies/index.md

* `service_names` - Defines a list of potential service names that an app can publish with this service type. 
    * If the `serviceName` field in the app's `PublishAppService.appServiceManifest` does not match one of the values in this list, the message will be rejected.
    * If omitted, no restrictions will be applied to the `serviceName` parameter.
* `handled_rpcs` - This field defines a list of permissions for RPCs that an app service could intercept via the [RPC passing](https://smartdevicelink.com/en/guides/core/feature-documentation/app-service-guidelines/#rpc-passing) feature. 
    * If the `handledRPCs` field in the app's `PublishAppService.appServiceManifest` includes a function ID that is not in this list, the message will be rejected. 
    * This field is mandatory, but can be empty.
    * Subfields:

>         * `function_id` - The [function ID](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/rpc_spec/blob/master/MOBILE_API.xml) of the potential handled RPC. Can be a function ID which was introduced after Core's local RPC spec version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `function_id` - The [function ID](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/rpc_spec#functionid) of the potential handled RPC. Can be a function ID which was introduced after Core's local RPC spec version.
```

Author: good call, added in https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_overview_guides/pull/72/commits/2d12ff2688a645cbbb6dcad8fe764e24ae77cb73
